NOTE: I have compiled on Linux and BSD for the PC. Should work on any Unix-ish OS
without much change, but NT and others I have no idea about... Installation
directions are as follows: 

NOTE: You will have to un-tar the file in the grrmud/World
directory if this is your first installation. 

  

Make a MUD directory to hold stuff and copy the distribution there.

mkdir mud
cp scry*.tar.gz mud/
cd mud

tar -xvf *.gz

You will find two .gz files.

There will be another file in grrmud/World, which you will want to gunzip and
untar if this is your first install.

gunzip and untar each of them.  For later installations, you may want to only
install certain files (like maybe just the ones in scry_dist_coreX.X.X.tar.gz.
  For your own sake, make backups if you are updating an already-installed ScryMUD
distribution. 

If all this worked, there should be a License file in your current directory.
Please read and abide by it.

Now, lets compile it.

Edit the top of the MakeInclude file, to define your make utility (make or gmake
usually).   You may want to change the MUD_HOME variable, but it
shouldn't be needed if you unzip'ed all this stuff in $HOME/mud


Compile it:
cd grrmud/server
make clean
make

If this is a re-install, you must do a make clean!

Watch for errors, if you can't figure them out, email me the errors and I'll see
if I can.  There will be a few warnings about un-used variables.  These can
be ignored.  egcs complains about unsigned v/s signed comparisons.  It should
work fine anyway.

Now move the grrmud executable to ../gmud:
mv grrmud ../gmud

Start the MUD:

cd ..
./startup&

It starts on port 4000 by default, you can edit the grrmud.ini file to change that
and other things.


NOTE:  Make a copy of the grrmud/Pfiles/admin pfile as a personal back
door into your game, in case you screw something up.

Log onto the game:  telnet localhost 4000

Log on as admin, with password admin.  You'll want to create other
admins and change this guy's password I'm sure.




