<help olc classes>

These are the classes and their corresponding numbers:
 OTHER_CLASS (0)

 WARRIOR     (1)
	Warriors excell in the physical arts including both armed and
	unarmed battle.  They may have special abilities to shield
	and protect those who need it.

 SAGE        (2)
	Sages specialize in knowledge, especially of the past.  They
	may have the ability to work with ancient technology and
	alchemy.  They may learn the healing arts of potions and other
	simple magics.

 WIZARD      (3)
	Wizards channel most of their energy into tapping the ephemeral
	forces present in the realm.  They may grow to have great magical
	powers, though more often for destruction than healing.  They
	may also learn how to conjure beings from other realms.  Beware,
	though, these demons are not always happy to be conjured!!

 RANGER      (4)
	Rangers are general purpose adventurers.  They may become
	skilled in battle, as well as in the herb lore of the
	forests, their preferred homes.  Rangers are known for
	their philantropic bent, and make good leaders.

 THIEF       (5)
	Thieves may work for the powers of good or evil, but they
	work best in secret and alone!  They are skilled in all things
	acrobatic and sneaky.  They also have very lethal first-strike
	abilities, but may not fare so well in a drawn out battle.

 ALCHEMIST   (6)
	Alchemists are a specilized form of Sages, ones specializing
	in the creation of potions and other creations.  They may also
	learn some magics in their tinkering, but it will probably not
	be their strong point.

 CLERIC      (7)
	Clerics are great users of the protective magics of the realm.
	They often have a very real contact with their deities of choice,
	who often confer special powers to their ardent followers.  Not
	all the world can be saved with grace however, and some clerics
	become a central part of groups battling to bring the world into
	the alignment of thier choice.

 BARD        (8)
	Bards are similar to rangers, though they thrive better in the
	cities and in the company of others, while the rangers often
	prefer the quieter bucolic surroundings.

 NECROMANCER (9)
	Necromancers are practicioners of the dark arts. They tend to
	keep to themselves and rarely travel with company. They draw
	their power from the deities of corruption and pain. As such
	they must maintain a good standing with these deities. Powerul
	in the magical arts they couldn't defend themselves against so
	much as a mouse in a fair hand-to-hand combat fight.

<color=red>
See Also:  classes
</color></help>
