<help general immrules>

As an immortal on Scry, there are a set of rules you need to follow to help 
keep yourself, the other imms, and the players happy.

1.  Respect other imms.  Not just those who are of a higher level than you, 
but all of the imms regardless of their level.  We don't want to have the 
immortals bickering with each other, so try to be nice.  (If you do bicker, 
do it on wizchat so the players can't hear! =)

2.  Respect the players.  Obviously there aren't any requirements to be a 
player like there are to be an imm, but try to respect the players anyway 
as they look to you as being an impartial, helpful authority figure.  Now, 
we all know that there are bound to be players who just enjoy being a pain 
in the arse, and you don't have to tolerate those. But try to be nice to 
the players as they're the ones who you put in all of your effort for and 
you want them to like ya!

3.  Immortal-mortal relations.  In general, try to stay out of the players' 
way and let them go about their business.  You can talk with them and such 
but try to keep out of their way.  If a player needs some kind of help you 
can feel free to help them out as long as it's "Where is the wizards' 
guild?" and not "Hey doodz can I get some free eq?".  Don't ever give 
anyone free stat bonuses or anything like that, also.  You can reward them 
for completing a quest you're running, but the reward shouldn't be anything 
*too* out of the ordinary.

4.  Your mortal characters.  For those of you who have imms on the main 
port and also mortal characters on the main port, you'll need to follow a 
special set of rules.  First, don't let people know who your mortal 
character is.  This might seem like a silly rule and you might feel 
compelled to do it at first, but it's for your own benefit.  This way 
people won't bug you to fix something when you're logged on through your 
mortal character and you just want to play.  It will also keep people from 
claiming that you're cheating through your imm.  Secondly, don't have your 
mortal character and your imm character logged on at the same time.  This 
way the other imms will know you aren't cheating, as will the players, and 
you won't be so hard-pressed for attention to both characters.

5.  Reimbursements.  Every once in a while the MUD will crash and a player 
will lose his or her corpse, and you'll have to reimburse them.  Only 
reimburse objects that you're reasonably sure they had and that they can 
identify by name.  If they say "Oh, umm, well, I had one of those, um, 
swords, you know, that, um, does like 20d20 damage and, um, casts blind, 
yeah." don't give it to them.  If they start naming a *lot* of really 
powerful eq, don't give it to them unless you actually know they had 
it.  You'll know - they'll have been bragging about it non-stop.

6.  Quests.  You can feel free to run quests, as long as they're not too 
great of a reward and you don't do them constantly.  Simple games of "Help! 
I'm lost in the forest! Find me!" are great, as are more complicated "An 
Orgue took my sword and broke it into three pieces and scattered them over 
the land!  Can you please kill him and find the pieces and reconstruct the 
sword for me?" type of quests.  Every once in a while you can possess a mob 
and start interacting with players, but don't do anything harmful (or 
overly helpful) to them.

<color=red>
See Also:  commands houses rules wizhelp
</color></help>