<help general rules>

ScryMUD strives to be a place where everyone can come and play.  Therefore, 
there are some basic rules that you must follow:

1.  Respect other players, in-character and out-of-character.  This means 
no personal insults, no harassment, and just generally being nice to each 
other.  If you're roleplaying two people who hate each other or just having 
a friendly rivalry, that's great, but when someone complains it's gotten 
out of hand.

2.  Respect the immortals.  Scry's immortals work their hardest to help 
bring you an enjoyable game, and so they deserve a little respect.  If 
you've got a problem, feel free to ask the imms about it, but you should 
remember that not all of the imms can solve all of your problems, so you 
might not get help right away.

3.  Don't get out of hand with swearing.  We're not too strict about 
swearing as long as it doesn't get out of hand and it doesn't get too 
vulgar.  If you use vulgar words repeatedly or use extremely vulgar or 
derogatory words, you'll be warned, and if you keep it up you'll be 
silenced.  There are some words that shouldn't ever be used in normal 
conversation, and you should know what those are.  If you use one of those 
there aren't any second chances, and we'll let you know it.

4.  Harassment based on sex, race, or anything else is *not* allowed, 
period.  Everyone knows what harassment is, so ignorance is no 
excuse.  We're not going to tolerate repeat offenders with this one.  If 
someone is harassing you, let the imms know at once and we'll remedy the 
situation.

5.  Multiplaying.  Multiplaying is not allowed, and the imms *can* tell 
when you're doing it.  This is so that those who don't or can't multiplay 
for whatever reason aren't at a huge disadvantage.  If you're caught 
multiplaying you'll be told to log off one or the other character and if 
you don't comply or are caught multiplaying again, both (or all, as the 
case may be) of your characters will be punished.

6.  The strictest rule of all: have fun!  Scry is meant to be a place where 
you come to enjoy yourself.  If you need any help with anything, just ask!

<color=red>
See Also:  commands houses topics immrules
</color></help>