839		Room Number
Central_Plaza ~	names
The Test Zone
~
Welcome to the test zone.  This zone is where all of the new builders start out
so that they can get the hang of the OLC without having to be worried about
goofing things up, as well as not having to worry about doing something wrong
as they're creating their zone.  If you're unsure about how to build, check out
the building documents that are on Scry's web page at http://scry.wanfear.com
and read up on them.  If you're using Hegemon, things will be much easier for
you, and the actual building docs won't apply, but the concepts within them
will most definitely, so you should still read them before you do any building.
If you're using any regular MUD or telnet client you'll be using the straight
OLC instead of Hegemon's GUI OLC, so the building docs will apply to you
directly.
You can feel free to create anything and everything that you want here, but
take note that this zone *will* be completely cleared out (as in, deleted) from
time to time and everything you've made will be lost.  Therefore, you shouldn't
create anything that you will want to keep here. Also, don't go on any massive
building sprees and create a whole slew of rooms because this zone only has 20
rooms.  You can create four or five rooms if you want, though.
If you get stuck using the OLC, Grock and Shamu can both answer any questions
you've got.  If neither of us are logged on to this port, hop on to the main
port and see if we're there.
Once you feel you've gotten the hang of the OLC, it's time to read up on the
MUD's theme.  There are various documents on the web page that will explain the
theme to you.  Once you understand the MUD's theme it's time to come up with
your own area.  We'll accept most any area as long as it fits in with the theme
of the MUD.  To get an idea approved, just get in contact with Grock or Shamu
and we'll discuss it.
Also, there's a bulletin board in the Temple of Garland which has lots of
valuable information on it.  'goto 1' to get there and then type 'examine
board'.
Again, feel free to create anything and everything that you want here and
experiment however you want, but remember that this zone does get deleted
periodically to free up space so you shouldn't create anything that you really
want to keep.
That's it for now.  Head north of here and you can start building!  Also, try
not to do anything to this room as its description is somewhat valuable. :-)

~
32 23 21 -1  -:| bitfield |:-
1   Start of KeywordPair
sign map plaque loki ~

~
-1  No more KeywordPairs
1024 1 839 22 	cur_stats
-1	affected_by
-1	inv
1 10 840 0 door# dest# distance
-1	door Affected_Bye (end of door)
-1	End of Doors
-1	mobs
End of Room
840		Room Number
Room of Trials ~	names
Room of Trials.
~
You enter a large, bright room. White walls surround you on all sides. You see
three stone arches in the center of the room. There is a difference in the
three, yet you can't seem to recognize what it is that makes them different. As
you step closer to the arches, a strange magical sensation tickles the back of
your mind.

~
33 24 23 21 0 -1  -:| bitfield |:-
1024 1 840 0 	cur_stats
-1	affected_by
-1	inv
1 9 839 0 door# dest# distance
-1	door Affected_Bye (end of door)
-1	End of Doors
-1	mobs
End of Room


-1		END OF FILE MARKER
